DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

- **4/18/20**
  - Linked ciSpeech to the application, tested if the library works
- **4/19/20**
  - Updated README.md
  - Renamed files to be related to the application's name
  - Added a Direction enum representing the user's possible directions
  - Added functionality to print text
  - Added logic to input key events from a user
  - Added a game over screen
- **4/20/20**
  - Added a class to represent the ball's location 
  - Added an enum representing the ball state
  - Need to do (for today and tomorrow):
    - [x] Draw the ball normally and when ducking
    - [x] Add more logic to the engine
    - [x] Add logic for when the user presses a key
- **4/21/20**
  - Added a class to represent an obstacle
  - Completely finish the representation of a ball (jumping and ducking)
- **4/25/20**
  - Completed the logic and the drawing of both types of obstacles
  - Ensured that user can't duck mid-air
  - Completed writing collision logic
  - Added a ground
  - Need to do:
    - [x] Begin working on speech recognition
    - [ ] Ensure that the 'high' spikes aren't just floating in mid air
- **4/26/20**
  - Integrated speech recognition with the game
- **4/27/20**
  - Added support for PretzelGui to the project
  - Integrated mouse control with the game
  
---

Commit message:

Create a Main Menu; Clean code by removing magic numbers

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

- **4/18/20**
  - Linked ciSpeech to the application, tested if the library works
- **4/19/20**
  - Updated README.md
  - Renamed files to be related to the application's name
  - Added a Direction enum representing the user's possible directions
  - Added functionality to print text
  - Added logic to input key events from a user
  - Added a game over screen
- **4/20/20**
  - Added a class to represent the ball's location 
  - Added an enum representing the ball state
  - Need to do (for today and tomorrow):
    - [x] Draw the ball normally and when ducking
    - [x] Add more logic to the engine
    - [x] Add logic for when the user presses a key
- **4/21/20**
  - Added a class to represent an obstacle
  - Completely finish the representation of a ball (jumping and ducking)
- **4/25/20**
  - Completed the logic and the drawing of both types of obstacles
  - Ensured that user can't duck mid-air
  - Completed writing collision logic
  - Added a ground
  - Need to do:
    - [x] Begin working on speech recognition
    - [ ] Ensure that the 'high' spikes aren't just floating in mid air
- **4/26/20**
  - Integrated speech recognition with the game
- **4/27/20**
  - Integrated mouse control with the game
- **4/28/20**
  - Added a UI for the main menu using Cinder Parameters
- **4/29/20**
  - Added the ability to reset the game at any time
  - Created a Main Menu
  
---
